Update Overview and Dependencies pages (#4495)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/01-basics/03-dependencies.mdx

}
```

### State

> To use state library in your application, add the following dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the state library in your application, add the following dependency:
```

Adding the Compose UI Components library as a dependency will automatically include the client and offline libraries as well.

### Markdown support

> We ship additional artifact for Markdown support that can be used together with UI Components library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ship an additional artifact for Markdown support which can be used together with the UI Components library:
```
